We're running.
Okay.
So, what's the date?
What's the date?
It's the 10th of February.
Okay. So it's Saturday the 10th of February
and it's Liz Randall here with Ben Meakin.
And we're doing our Wonder Brass interview.
We are.
So, we're going to start off because you're not actually
officially a member of Wonder Brass.
I am not.
That's just a smack in the face though because you're a well established
Wonder Widow.
So, can you tell me what it's like being Wonder Widow?
At times it can be lonely.
It's fun.
It can be frustrating.
As I'm sure any
partner or loved one
of a Wonder Brassie
will tell you.
But
yeah, it's interesting. You get to
go to some good places
and watch a great band
at the same time.
So, perhaps the first question
I should have asked was when did you first hear about
Wonder Brass?
When did I first hear about Wonder Brass? So I think we've got to
rewind to
2010.
It would have been at Green Man 2010.
At the time
my good friend
Nicola Edwards
had been working
with Swickr
South Wales Intercultural Arts.
And they were
at the festival
to do, I believe, a carnival
parade as part
of the festival.
And
Wonder Brass were there
as a
band to play
within the carnival, within the parade.
So my first
ever
introduction to Wonder Brass, or
knowing who Wonder Brass were,
was at Green Man.
At that point in
time I had no affiliation to the band
whatsoever.
I didn't even see the band anyway
because I missed the parade, to be honest.
I was actually meant to be in the parade.
But festivals being festivals.
Alas, I wasn't
there. So I hadn't actually seen the band
at that point, but was aware who
the band were.
Incidentally
my...
who I
believed to be Wonder Brass weren't Wonder
Brass because I don't know whether
you know, you're aware, or
I'm sure not a Wonder Brass aren't aware, but
there is another band, a more famous
band called Wonder Brass
who are
Bjork's backing band, or brass band.
Ah, I didn't know, I knew there was others.
Right, so my
understanding of
Wonder Brass, or
knowledge of Wonder Brass was Bjork's
Wonder Brass, and not the Wonder
Brass we know and love.
So yeah, my first introduction to Wonder Brass
was at Green Man.
At that point in time
the only person I really knew
from Wonder Brass was
Brett, Brett Chandre
who, ex-member of
Wonder Brass,
who was playing flute
or flautist.
So you've
you had heard of Wonder Brass
and you obviously, so you said you were
meant to be in the parade, so you were part of Swicker?
I wasn't part of Swicker at that point.
I was
friends with Nicola
Nicola Edwards who
had
been doing some work
experience I believe
with Swicker as part of her Masters.
So I got
the
introduction in, well
being introduced to Swicker and what
they did at the festival
and just happened to be there and Nicola was like
well you should come and
you know, see these guys and
see what they do
with the puppetry and
carnival arts
stuff like that.
And Wonder Brass just, as I say,
just happened to be there
as the parade band so to speak.
Yeah, yeah.
So are you kind of musical in your background
because I know you're DJ now, have you always
been a bit?
I've always had a love of music
my, yeah I guess
that's my passion
really is watching bands.
I don't play any instruments
I do collect music
I'm a big vinyl collector
and that's got me into
what I do, well my hobby is
DJing basically
and through that love, yeah
I guess, you know, attending festivals and
watching bands so music's
always been there, always been a part of my life.
Yeah, yeah.
I might come back to that because I'm interested
about what shaped your musical kind of
you know, vent as it were.
But going back to meeting
Wonder Brass then, was there anyone in particular that stood out
putting the band that you kind of
you struck a chord with?
History being history
for the listeners, my partner
is Jenny Bradley who
I've got to be careful how I word this
and she's told me to be careful how I word this
who is the baritone player
but is not the current baritone
player because that would be Hannah.
She's the short girl
with the big saxophone and the short dress
as she likes to be known.
So yeah, fast forward
a few
months on from August 2010
and being at Green Man.
Jenny incidentally
also plays in
Tap Syrup who
Brett as I mentioned
earlier, he was playing flute
at the time with Wonder Brass.
That was his other band basically, Tap Syrup
the Ska band. I've
been watching that band for
just a long long time
before actually Jenny joined
as saxophone player for them.
So fast forward to
early December 2010
and I was
watching them at
Club of Bond in
Ponty.
A usual haunt for them because
they're a local Ponty band.
And this little
girl at the end of her gig jumped off
stage and shall we say
the rest is history.
Basically.
So yes.
So that's how I got into Wonder Brass.
So to speak.
So and obviously
Jenny's quite an active member of the committee
in Wonder Brass and is very active
in driving the band forward.
Raging gigs. So I suppose
you were kind of
automatically wrapped up
in that and what was that like
to kind of enter into that?
How much of your life is
taken up with that as well as
that's a good question.
I mean it's
I guess it's one of those
things that I mean having
a love
of music myself and
you know
going out and watching bands
and just
enjoying
music and musicianship.
It's one of those things that's gone hand in hand
really so it's been
something that I've embraced.
To start off with
early into the relationship I guess it was
like whoa
this has taken up a lot of time.
Seeing someone
you love and you want to be with
and their time has been taking up
organising this band
and having a nine to five
as well and it's like crikey.
Am I ever going to see this person?
It's quite like whoa
what comes first? Is it me or is it the band?
But
when it's
something that someone's got a passion for
and they absolutely love and you can
see that and that comes through.
It's something that I've just kind of
embraced and gone with
and it's a really enjoyable
experience to hang out with
a lot of cool creative people
and watch that process
and the fact that the band
being a community band
the members are ever changing so you've
always got this kind of lovely kind of
family
feeling to it really.
People are coming and going
new faces come in, people
leave and everybody's
there for everybody and
as I said earlier you get to go to
some pretty cool places
and some great gigs.
Yeah.
I've always thought that's really kind of
giving a lot of yourself as well
to the band because it is a very supportive
thing. Little things like
even if you're not going to the gig
you're supporting, you might drop Jenny off
at the gig or you might be helping other members
of the band as well supporting the band.
Saying I'll pick you up
from there or I'll ferry kit around
which I know you've done before.
I can see that's
a very supportive role that you've got.
It's just a natural thing to do
and
it's an enjoyable thing
to do and also
if I can help Jenny
in doing that as well
it makes her life a little bit easier
and it just makes it a bit more
of an enjoyable process so to speak.
So over
the years since 2010
how have you seen the band change?
So you've seen a lot of members come and go.
A lot. I mean
we haven't really spoken
about the first time I saw the band have we?
Yeah. Okay, yeah not playing.
So the first time
I
saw Wonder Brass
was in Christmas 2010
December when they
did the, there used to be
I don't know whether it's still going on the Christmas
meltdown
which was
I'm not sure whether it was a charity
event, I'm not sure
but it was a collection of a
Christmas event and it was in the globe
with a number of
Cardiff bands and Wonder Brass
happened to be up there, I think they were headlining
at the time and Jenny
said do you want to come and
see? And I was like well yeah of course I want to see
you know
never having
seen a brass band, you know my interpretation
of a brass band was
something that you know you get forced
to have in school either a school brass band
or a kind of traditional
kind of collary band
or Salvation Army so
not knowing
what
a big brass band was like
you know having
watched hundreds of
thousands, probably thousands of bands
up to that point
I've never really been
introduced to a brass band so
quite interesting
The thing that stood out for me was
Rob Smith
released the band at the time had broken his hip
so I'd never met Rob
so Rob did that whole gig sat down
because he'd broken his hip playing
football so that was quite
interesting to see this man leading a band
whilst sat down
and it was a huge
band at that point I mean
I'm trying to think of, well it
filled the
stage of the globe
so I would have thought that
it would have been 30 plus
at least maybe knocking on
for 40 members at that point
so yeah
So that was the first gig?
Yeah. And then I can't imagine
how many times you see
the band play, you must be well
versed in all of the Wender Brass
back catalogue
Completely versed in the Wender Brass
you know
I was trying to go through my head
last night as to
what have been the standout gigs
there's been so many
and
going back to the question of having
seen the band change as well
and
that brings to mind that
it's a community band, it's not a traditional
band format whereby
you've got formates from school
who have played guitars
since they were 12 or drums
and they've kind of grown up together
and it's just like that
little family you know
you've got a community band here where anybody
can come and leave at any point
and also the
diversity in people as well, the demograph
of the band as well
so you've got lawyers, you've got
doctors, you've got
people from everyday life
people who were unemployed
people who
so a wide range of
people and a wide range of
I don't want to use the word
talent because that's
not the right word to use but
a varying degree of playability
And I suppose musicality as well
in terms of what people are interested in
outside of the band because
people quite often have different musical
tastes outside of playing in Wander Brass
playing in Wander Brass for different reasons
and the social part and the community part
Well absolutely, I mean
if I use Jenny as an example
she plays in Wander Brass, she's also in a
Ska band, she's also in
a Balkan Gypsy band
she's also in
a jazz, I don't want to say
jazz trio, she'll give me a clip for that
when I get, as she listens back to this
a kind of funky kind of house trio
as well, so I mean
to see other band members
who do stuff outside
of that as well and
different musical tastes
that is interesting
And do you think that sort of thing drives
the band, what do you think is
the main drive of the band? Because you've got
whole kind of people who are
you know, Rob as a musical director
and certain people who
drive, like committee members who
are more active, you know, who drive things forward
But as we said, there's lots of people over
the years who come and go
What kind of drives
at different times have you seen
over the years?
I think obviously
the main driving factor is
fun and
I think that's
why people do it, it's a community band
people are doing it
for the love of doing it, nobody gets
paid, you know
people get, you know, it's
I guess
every band member will have a different
reason for why they're in
Wander Brass, whether or not it's
to bet themselves or whether or not it's to
just be there to have
fun and hang out
But I think, you know, the driving factor is
for what
people want to get out of it is
what has
driven it, that was the original question
what drives it is
just the variation
and the different projects and
working with different
collaborating with different people as well
and keeping that kind of
fun element, I mean
I play in a community band
and
I guess unless you're changing it up
all the time or doing new pieces
or working with different people, it can get
stagnated and it can
become a little laborious and people get a little
deflated, so I think
definitely
working with other people
and very exciting parts of Wander Brass
that
for me personally as
a Wander Widow and a fan
seeing those elements
come together and
definitely working with other people
So you said
because that was the other thing I wanted to mention about
how your involvement is
in music has kind of been
shaped by kind of
being around Wander Brass, I don't know
if it has or not, because you said previously
you're friends with Nicola and she's involved in
Swicker, and now
you're a member of Barracuda
Yes, so that became a direct
so
obviously Nicola's
influence from
working with Swicker and
as we said Jenny was working
with Swicker at the time as well, she was
Swicker's administrator
so
when me and Jenny got together, obviously that was
a natural progression, I've got a background
in art anyway
I've got a graphic design degree and spent
four years in art college, so
I've got that background in
arts and
Jenny was working for Swicker
at the time and was like
you should, you know, just for the record
Swicker, South Wales Intercultural
Arts
they used to program
and run Cut of Cuddle
just for the listeners
so they've got a little bit of background there
so yeah
so naturally
it was like well, you should come and get involved
with this
so I
that would have been
summer 2011
I went along
they used to do
three weeks leading up
to carnival itself
there would be open workshops
in Channel View Legend Center
and that was for any
member of the public to go along
and to basically build
the carnival, so there would normally be
whatever the theme is
for the carnival that year
and there would be people making puppets
people making costumes
just a huge hub of creativity
basically
and very fortunately
that summer
they had
two
professional puppet makers coming down
to run a giant puppet making
workshop
Jenny said, will I be keen?
I was like yeah, absolutely
signed up for that, went along
and just got a hug basically
so that was my introduction
into kind of community arts
and the world
that is community arts
basically
leading on to that then
if you fast forward
where are we now? 2018?
five years, so yeah 2016
I then joined
the, which was at the time
the carnival crew
they were the samba band
who were linked to Swicker basically
I joined then purely because
Jenny was rehearsing on
a Tuesday night with Wonder Breasts
and I was sat in the house
and I was like, well, you know, I know this band
I've hung about with them, you know, doing carnivals
I know all the personnel
they look like
it looks like a fun thing to do
and basically went along
absolutely loved it
and now
two and a half, three years
down the line still playing with
Barracuda
so it's kind of, yeah, you're involved in that
as opposed to then you're involved in your own community
yeah, and that's
been quite interesting because
having seen Jenny
working
with Wonder Breasts
and you know, her
involvement with gigs
and liaising with people
and going out and
you know
speaking to festival organizers, things like that
having that background knowledge
and being in Barracuda now
I can translate
what I've seen from Jenny working
into that as well
and again, it's exactly
it's a very similar community
it's people from all walks of life
who
just want to come along
people have got various reasons why
they want to be there, whatever or not they want to
fervour their
musical skills or just
have a good time
I was also going to ask about the kind of
frustrations then
of being involved in
community projects
because I'm thinking about the
long term nature of them
and how they work and how
different people need to get involved
and all that sort of thing
what are the frustrations do you think
when thinking about the future
and keeping Wonder Breasts going
do you get, does Jenny come home
and rant about the band
are there particular things you see in terms of
its future
what needs to continue to happen
among the band?
First of all, for
a community band to be going for 25 years
is a massive
massive testament
it's something that
should be recognised
I can only speak from me
knowing
friends who have been in bands
just normal bands, your
guitar bands, which is music that
I grew up on
if they were around
for 2 or 3 years maybe
absolutely fantastic
but for a community band
where
the members are made up
from
amateur players basically
I know you've got
Rob and Mark who are
your two professionals within the bands
and clearly
Rob as musical director
has been there
from the core
which again is a testament
I'm sure at any point he's probably
had those frustrations and
where am I going with this?
What do I want to do?
Seeing people come and go
and numbers dwindle
it must be highly frustrating
I guess everybody gets frustrated
because there are
things that
people personally want to do
which sometimes can't be
achieved because of various factors
funding factors
time I guess is a big element as well
if you think that
everybody in the band
pretty much works
or is
in full time study
Rob's got a 9 to 5
Jenny's got a 9 to 5
the organising committee have got a 9 to 5
Mark's a full time musician
so I guess those frustrations
it's the things that you can't control
which are frustrating for people
I would say the same coming from
the band I play in as well
is that
you can't always be
in two places at once
I think that point is really
salient actually
about 25 years
being in the band a fraction of that time
and the fact that
there's Rob
Jenny
Mark, I know Rob and Mark
they're being paid to be there
but they don't have to be there
this is a choice as well
and you've got
members who have been a part of the band
Derek as well
key members of the band
who have been there for years and years
and they turn up every Tuesday
and they don't get paid for it
they do it for the love of it
which is just phenomenal
it's incredible to think
a band made up of members
nobody needs to be there
one week
the whole band can not turn up
people keep on coming back
and people drop out and come back to it
it's gone for 25 years now
what's to say
it can't go on for another 25 years
I think the biggest frustration
with any community group at the moment
is funding
funding cuts, where do you get your money from
specifically
for big projects and things like that
funding is drying up
what would help that
funding is drying up and sometimes you can't do anything about that
do you think in terms of the band progressing
continuing rather
I think it's always progressing
and the fact that it never stays still
there's always new stuff going on
what do you think would help that
that's a really random question
it is a random question
what I'm trying to get at
as I've said, we've got key members doing things
and I'm just kind of keen to know
is that because
a lot of time
certain people have the knowledge of being able to do things
but it's about
because it's a community band, it's about other people learning these skills as well
so I'm thinking about all the skills that
a lot of the committee members have
and they're trying to share those skills
and they're trying to get other people involved in
I think that's it
and I think it's about empowerment
isn't it?
I think that's the key word
people realising that things
just don't happen
I've had it in Barracuda
and you see it there
you get to go to
some amazing places
we've only been going as a
community
from Barracuda's point of view
from the community band I play in
we've only been going for two years
pretty much solidly
and the first year was absolutely fantastic
we got to go to some great festivals
and I think it's
people from the band
realising that things just
don't happen
these gigs don't just happen
you don't just arrive
at a festival
because
it's there
and somebody's phoned up and said
I just want to play at this festival
there's a lot of
work that goes on behind the scenes
a lot of work
and I think it's
just empowering people
and like you say
there are people with core skills
and that's the beauty of a community band
any one member of that band
is going to have a skill
that is invaluable
whether or not it's organising
whether or not it's
social media
poster design print
and if you can draw on all of that
there's no reason why that band
cannot keep going basically
and that's the hardest part
is all that background stuff
I guess the easy part is turning up and playing
so how much time
backstage at home
how much time do you think
is devoted
from Jenny's point of view
just out of interest
I'm only asking because there's other members of the band that do stuff
as her partner
and you get to see the home life
erm
a lot
I would think it's
every night
I would say every night
she's pretty much
doing something for a band
if it's not
it's not Wonder Brass it will be for
Tat Syrup or
Capra Mame or whoever
erm
so it is pretty much a full time job
I think it's become a little bit more manageable
for Jenny now because
she's got settled 9 to 5 whereas before
when she was working for Swicker
erm I think she'll
honestly say this
you know when we first
got together I was like how do you
how do you not stop
you know how do you cope with this
because it used to be constant
she'd wake up in the morning and she'd have a notebook
open and she'd be on her laptop
and it would be the same when she went to bed
and you know if she
went to bed
so it's a lot of time
it's a lot of time
but as you say
there are other band members who are equally doing
doing it as much if you know
so
yeah
I wanted to also ask a bit about
like your favourite
going back to you saying about your favourite gigs
and that sort of thing but
I just quite like a story or two
about some sticky wonder brass moments
and like
they get quite messy sometimes because it
is good fun at the end of the day once all the organising
is done and everyone's there
and you're having a good gig and a couple of beers maybe
it's really good fun so have you got a couple of
like juicy stories maybe
err
there are
there's probably too many to
it's the memory banks
that's what they were saying last night I was trying to
think about
thinking back to all the gigs
I mean
the great times have been the er
the Druids and gigs
going to Druids and they've always
been fantastic weekends because
you put a bunch of wonder you know
a bunch of wonder brasses in
a hotel
or you know
a nice big home for a weekend
with a lot of booze and a lot of
brass and you know
something's going to go wrong so
erm in terms of
I don't know
really
erm
it's hard to
remember
there's been some messy gigs I think
one of the Halloween gigs in
er in the moon
it might have been about four years ago
that was particularly eventful
I remember
erm yeah
I really enjoy
seeing the interactions in the band
and I think when you've got members
who are er a little
bit erm a little bit
more kind of gregarious
perhaps is the word to use
er and other members of the band who
left to their own devices
probably would just be a bit more quiet
in the background I love seeing the mix
and how you know you've got some
members who just draw things out in other
people and it's really nice to see
you know people the dynamics in that way
kind of changing. Absolutely yeah
I think that's nice and I think
you know erm
it's like with anything really isn't it
somebody joins a band and they're
you know
they're on their best behaviour
aren't they really
that kind of what goes on tour stage on tour
kind of mentality you know you know you put them
in a situation and
outside of their comfort
zone and it's you know some
people are like oh
I've never done this and I've never been here
this is exciting
so we erm so yeah yeah that's
that's interesting
yeah. So like what
are there any other aspects
of Wunderbras and Wunderbras
past and future
that you think are kind of important to
to acknowledge and to talk about?
Erm
I don't
that's a tricky question. I know
it's a broad question as well. It is a very broad question
erm I
just think to keep on doing what
what has
been done because if it's
if it's the good old saying
if it's not broke don't fix it and
you know there seems to be
something has been done
right over the years. Over 25 years
whatever it is
you know
something has been done right
and I think it's just keeping
that level of enthusiasm
up for people you know
work at I know that you're going to be
working with Claude again
in a couple of weeks. I mean
that will be fantastic
for people
who knew people to the band
particularly who have not done a project
that we're talking about the
25th anniversary
project and the recordings.
So
people working with someone like that
you know with Claude
Daphos just a renowned artist
and virtuoso
and brings his own unique
style of conducting and
and
map dynamics. So I think
I think things like that will just
keep the band
keep everybody in the band enthused
and the beauty is that you know
there's always going
to be youth and there's always going to be
you know people coming up through the ranks
who want to play brass
and want to join
a band without any commitments
to either further
develop themselves or like we say just to have
a good time and just be part of a really
nice solid community. So I
think that's what it's about is the community
element and keeping that going.
Yeah definitely. Totally.
And the Wonder Widows as well because I think
there's quite you know there's a group
and a cast loves hanging out with the
band and the others.
Yeah I mean
I've seen
many people come and go from the Wonder Widows I think
at some point I've just been the only
Wonder Widow
so it does get lonely
but
I've just kind of jumped in and
embraced it really and the band
really it's just a fantastic environment
to be around. Yeah. That's what
I enjoy. That's why
I follow the band around. You know I could
choose just to stay in the house and
not really have any interest in it
but it's great.
I love it. You know you guys are absolutely
fantastic. Like just
like you say seeing the little relationships
within the band as well that
that's nice
and it's just one
one nice family.
That's the best way to see it is
Wonderbress is a really really good family
and it's an ever changing family as well
you know people come, people go
you know people
come back as well and that's
super. Yeah.
Yeah. It's really nice
to see partners
and like you say that's quite a
commitment and I think that all
goes into the mix of the support
around keeping the band going. Yeah.
It's having the partners there. I mean the recent
trip to Budapest that was lovely
because you know you had
Mariel's husband and
John's wife.
John's wife and
My husband.
I can't think who else went. I didn't go. No.
Oh you didn't. No. But that was lovely.
I mean you know
getting to know people who you've
not met yet and you shoot stories about
so yeah.
Yeah.
I don't have any more
questions so I think we're
maybe at the end of our interview
if that's alright. Unless you want to
say anything else about the band. Well
maybe I'll ask you
how
how do you feel Wonderbress
you know in terms of
developing and
what are your
thoughts on it?
My thoughts are I don't know how
key members
of the band do it all the time as
we've discussed Jenny's involvement
other than Jenny's involvement
obviously as well. Rob
they're all very
very active. I know I'm on
the committee. Yeah. But I know
that they are always the most
active committee members. I don't think anyone would
deny that at all.
I think it's quite incredible that they have that drive
to be able to keep the band going.
And I'm interested in
how
other people can
tap into that. Because that's
quite a lot to rely on
a number of people. Yes.
And I think sharing the load is
the way forward.
But that's easier said than done. That's quite
if you've been involved in a
certain you know environment
for a number of years. And it's about
contacts as you say and building up contacts.
But I feel that I'm learning from them
and I want to continue to learn from them
as a band member. Because
it's opened my eyes to a whole different aspect
of Cardiff and Cardiff culture. Yeah.
And like you say just seeing people
on the street have met you. And you know
I wouldn't have met you had I not been for Wonder Brass.
I've met The Swick a lot. Of course.
I've met The Barracuda a lot. Yeah. You know there's a massive
kind of community there. So it's a
community isn't it? It's a community and the
the networking that goes along with that.
And I think if everybody can pull each other along as you know as they go along the way.
And it's a journey really isn't it? And nobody else is going to do that for you.
So yeah. Yeah.
And I think that is you know it's not just about music.
It's not just about Wonder Brass. That is about
me as a kind of you know
I've lived in Cardiff for since 2002 now.
And it's
it's been as part of Wonder Brass
I think that I've got to know such a
circle of people just basically through
Hannah you know. Yes.
She's a member of the band. I've known Hannah
for 10 years or so.
Had it not been for her saying oh mate come on
join Wonder Brass. I wouldn't have
potentially known this big group of people.
And then now with my friends Beth and Rich
who you know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
It's not necessarily about them being
a part of the band. They will come and support the band.
They will get to know other people who come
and watch the band. And I think
it is definitely about that sense of community.
Yeah.
And especially in
in these times at the moment
with the political climate as it is
I think that is vitally important.
The whole element on
community
and
keeping it within
your locality and
being able to do that and give a little bit
of positive to
people I think is
really important. Yeah.
And
is more
that's why it is more than just like you say
more than just a band.
It's more than just people playing
instruments for people. It's
all encompassed in really.
Definitely. I think it's nice having
the projects like this to actually reflect on
because the heritage is the key word
of this isn't it. Yes. Reflect on
where it's been and where it's going as well
because you know it's given me a lot of insight
into the life of people
involved in the
project I suppose.
Yeah. In the band. But also
what Cardiff was like is
you know what this area of
Wales has been like for the last 25 years.
Well of course. Of course. I mean I guess
that's changed dramatically.
I mean the whole demograph, the whole
like we said the political climate
and how that has changed
things as well you know.
You know
how funding has changed things and
how you know
having
I guess what we took for granted
previously things that are fingertips
they were just there you know.
You know there were things that were
totally disposable.
You could just have them and take them and
there were people
giving handouts so to speak and like
go and do this, go and do this.
And now how
that has all kind of changed and
people have got to be a little bit more
self-sufficient I guess.
So yeah.
Yeah. But I think Wunderbuss
is a good way to
experience that.
And to kind of, there's a potential
there for people to develop themselves as well
as develop the band.
And I think that's pretty exciting.
But I know
also people are very busy in their lives
like you said. Everyone's got jobs and
so I kind of
marvel at the drive of
people.
Especially when it comes to things that
like Wunderbuss and organising things.
But it's a passion isn't it I suppose?
Yeah it's a passion. I mean nobody's doing it
for
I guess any reward apart from
making people happy.
And that's huge.
If your ultimate
drive is just making people happy and
for your own personal happiness then
that's fantastic.
And that will continue to
perpetuate and
hopefully in 25
years time
we'll be doing this interview again.
Yeah we never know. Well yeah, it'll be great.
Maybe older and wiser by then.
Or just have less
memory. Well that's true yeah.
We'll have to listen back to this interview.
Remind us of something.
Cool. Brilliant. Thank you very much.
No thank you. It's been lovely. Cheers.
Cheers.